Index of patches

0002:
    The file include/utils.inc.php includes config.inc.php by going up 
    one directory in the physical directory tree. This patch changes that
    behaviour in a way needed for OMD: It is including the site specific
    config file /omd/sites/###SITE###/etc/ngaios/config.inc.php. The site name
    is extracted from the script file name (supplied by Apache).

0003:
    The web frontend checks the original home page for updates. The check
    may be makes sense for folks who installed nagios by themselfs, but
    not within a distribution. This patch removes the update check from
    main.php

0004:
    When loading a broker module, Nagios makes a temporary copy of the
    module file, loads that with dl_open, and deletes it afterwards.
    This shall save agains modifications caused by a user overwriting
    the module with 'cp'. This patch removes that behaviour and loads
    the module in the traditional way. This prevents problems with tmpfs
    mounted as non-root (where Nagios places the module copy).

0006:
    Adds OMD related config options and macros to the init script.

0007:
    The init script is showing full '-v' output on config error.

0008:
    When the Nagios process terminates for some reason and the lock-file
    which contains the pid is not cleaned up the init script throws an
    error message when executing 'etc/init.d/nagios stop'.
    With this path the init script checks if the process is stil alive
    before trying to kill it.

0009:
    When someone executes the init script with the stop action and the
    pid file can not be found it is a good sign that nagios is not running
    anymore. So don't terminate the script with exit code 1. Using exit
    code 0 insted.

0010:
    This patches fixed the problem to jump back to the start page
    whenever you press F5.

0011:
    This patches removes a useless loop in the status summary page.

0012:
    The patch merges the configuration files from nagios.d dir to nagios.cfg.
    in the init script of nagios.

0013:
    This patch ensures a good OMD environment for the init script

0014:
    Hopefully the last patch to the nagios init script. It prevents starting
    nagios a second time when already running.

0015:
    Fixes unauthorized host/servicegroup commands. (Will be obsolete with
    Nagios 3.3.1)

0016:
    This fixes a nastiness with the host aliases: Nagios saves the host aliases
    in the state retention file. That means, that no change of a host's alias
    in the object configuration file will ever get effective (unless you delete
    the retention file). This patch remove the host alias (and also the display_name)
    from the state retention and makes Nagios behave just as everybody around
    seems to expect.
    be changed in the configuration

0017:
   This patch removes a check in the configuration validation that complains
   when there are no hosts or services. That way OMD does not need a dummy
   host anymore but can start plain without any host or service. The cgi-bins,
   Thruk and Multisite do not show any problems. Nor does the Nagios core.

